Fix the wrong formula to calculate the total number of unique entities supported in the anomaly detection plugin (#4474)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _observing-your-data/ad/index.md

To get the entity model size of a detector, use the [profile detector API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/monitoring-plugins/ad/api/#profile-detector). You can adjust the maximum memory percentage with the `plugins.anomaly_detection.model_max_size_percent` setting.

> This formula serves as a starting point. Make sure to test it with a representative workload. You can dive deeper in the [Improving Anomaly Detection: One million entities in one minute](https://opensearch.org/blog/one-million-enitities-in-one-minute/) blog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{: .note }

> For example, for a cluster with three data nodes, each with 8 GB of JVM heap size, a maximum memory percentage of 10% (default), and the entity model size of the detector as 1MB: the total number of unique entities supported is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider a cluster with three data nodes, each with 8 GB of JVM heap size and the default 10% memory allocation. With an entity model size of 1 MB, the following formula calculates the estimated number of unique entities: 
```

```
(8096 MB * 0.1 / 1 MB ) * 3 = 2429

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

This formula serves as a starting point. Make sure to test it with a representative workload. You can dive deeper in the [Improving Anomaly Detection: One million entities in one minute](https://opensearch.org/blog/one-million-enitities-in-one-minute/) blog.

> ```

Reviewer: This formula serves as a starting point. Make sure to test it with a representative workload. You can dive deeper in the [Improving Anomaly Detection: One million entities in one minute](https://opensearch.org/blog/one-million-enitities-in-one-minute/) blog.
{: .note}

Reviewer: Move this note to line 117

To get the entity model size of a detector, use the [profile detector API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/monitoring-plugins/ad/api/#profile-detector). You can adjust the maximum memory percentage with the `plugins.anomaly_detection.model_max_size_percent` setting.

> Consider a cluster with three data nodes, each with 8 GB of JVM heap size and the default 10% memory allocation. With an entity model size of 1 MB, the following formula calculates the estimated number of unique entities: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider a cluster with 3 data nodes, each with 8 GB of JVM heap size and the default 10% memory allocation. With an entity model size of 1 MB, the following formula calculates the estimated number of unique entities: 
```

```
(8096 MB * 0.1 / 1 MB ) * 3 = 2429
```

> If the actual total number of unique entities higher than the number that you calculate (in this case, 2429), the anomaly detector makes its best effort to model the extra entities. The detector prioritizes entities that occur more often and are more recent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the actual total number of unique entities is higher than the number that you calculate (in this case, 2,429), the anomaly detector will attempt to model the extra entities. The detector prioritizes entities that occur more often and are more recent.
```

> This formula serves as a starting point. Make sure to test it with a representative workload. You can dive deeper in the [Improving Anomaly Detection: One million entities in one minute](https://opensearch.org/blog/one-million-enitities-in-one-minute/) blog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This formula serves as a starting point. Make sure to test it with a representative workload. You can find more information in the [Improving Anomaly Detection: One million entities in one minute](https://opensearch.org/blog/one-million-enitities-in-one-minute/) blog post.
```

> This formula provides a good starting point, but make sure to test with a representative workload.

Reviewer 3: Can you also add here:

For a detailed and comprehensive exploration of this subject, please visit our guide on [How to Size Domains](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/detect-anomalies-on-one-million-unique-entities-with-amazon-opensearch-service/).

@hdhalter please take a look as well.

Reviewer 4: Thanks, @kaituo! But since we are open source, we cannot reference AWS content. Maybe there's an equivalent blog on the opensearch.org website?

Reviewer 3: There is somewhat related blog in open source https://opensearch.org/blog/one-million-enitities-in-one-minute/

Author: > There is somewhat related blog in open source https://opensearch.org/blog/one-million-enitities-in-one-minute/

Hi @kaituo, I did add the content you mentioned.

{: .note }

> For example, for a cluster with three data nodes, each with 8 GB of JVM heap size, a maximum memory percentage of 10% (default), and the entity model size of the detector as 1MB: the total number of unique entities supported is (8.096 * 10^9 * 0.1 / 1 MB ) * 3 = 2429.

Reviewer 3: (8096 * 0.1 / 1 MB ) * 3 does not equal to 2429. We multiply by 10^9 since 1 MB is 10^9 bytes. Can you change to

```
(8096 MB * 0.1 / 1 MB ) * 3 = 2429
```

?

Author: Hi, the format you mentioned is exactly what I want to change.
